=head1 NAME

MultiSMTP - make OTRS aware of multiple SMTP servers

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A standard OTRS installation is not able to use different SMTP servers for each sender address. This can lead to problems as many recipient servers deny to deliver the mails as a reverse lookup does not respond the hostname of the sender address.

So each sender address needs its own SMTP server - and this is provided with this package.

After installation, there is a new item in the Email block in the admin area. That is to manage the address -> SMTP server mapping. You can configure the settings for each address given in the system addresses. And you can define the type of SMTP connection (plain SMTP, SMTPTLS or SMTP/S). The user's password can be stored in an encrypted way - if you want to use this feature, you have to install the Perl modules C<Crypt::CBC> and C<Crypt::DES>.

When a mail is sent, the package searches for the SMTP settings that belong to the sender address and if it can't find anything, it uses the SMTP settings from I<SysConfig> (that is used by the standard SMTP mechanism).

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

This package was written by Renee Baecker E<lt>otrs@perl-services.deE<gt>.

The package is licensed under AGPL. If you
did not receive this file, see L<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.txt>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

=head2 Fernholz IT GmbH

Fernholz IT GmbH (L<http://www.fernholz-it.eu>) sponsored the "anonymous SMTP" feature. With that feature you can add SMTP servers where no authentication is needed.

=head2 NeverMin

NeverMin (L<https://github.com/NeverMin>) added the Chinese translation.

=head2 Niroc

Niroc analyzed a problem that occured when different accounts were used.

=head2 Balazs Ur

Balazs Ur (L<http://otrs-megoldasok.hu/>) added the Hungarian translation.

=cut

=head2 Ilya Shadryn

Ilya Shadryn (L<https://github.com/WestDragon>) added the Russian translation and add capability otrs 6.

=cut

